Here you are.
Oh, thank you very much.
[SANJI]
Here's yours, Nami.
[NAMI]
Thanks.
[SANJI] Let me know
if you'd like refills.
[laughter]
[LUFFY]
Hey, Usopp! Usopp!
This better be important, Luffy.
Yeah, what?
I'm Chopper!
[laughter]
Ugh, they're so
easily entertained.
At least they're
cheerful, right?
[NARRATOR]
Monkey D. Luffy,
the boy who aspires to
become King of the Pirates,
continues his journey
on the Grand Line
with his faithful crew:
Zoro, Nami,
Usopp, Sanji, Chopper,
and their newest member,
Nico Robin,
who recently joined them
during their visit
to a desert kingdom
called Alabasta.
[ROBIN]
By the way, Miss Navigator.
Have you been checking the logs?
Straight to west-northwest!
Don't worry!
Everything is good to go!
Lovely.
If I remember correctly,
Autumn Island is nearby.
[ZORO]
Hmm?
That rain?
I don't think that's rain.
Is that a boat?
It's a galleon!
[shrieking]
What the hell?
[gasps]
What's going on?
This shouldn't be possible!
[SANJI] Watch out,
there's still more debris!
Whoa, what the
heck is happening?
It's kinda awesome!
Luffy, protect the ship!
It'll wreck!
Okay!
I can--
What's this paper?
Hey, Nami,
you should check this out!
[NAMI]
Does it look like I have time?
[CREW screams]
Is it normal for boats to
fall outta the sky like that?
No, it isn't.
I don't see anything else.
[NAMI screams]
[SANJI]
Huh?
What's the matter, Nami?
Just look at the Log Pose.
It's broken!
It only points upward!
This is bad.
We can't find the
next island without it!
It's not stuck.
Huh?
It's simply detecting
a different island now.
One with an even
stronger magnetic pull.
Huh?
[ROBIN] If it's pointing
straight upwards.
That must mean that it's
been caught by a Sky Island.
[gasps]
A Sky Island?
[LUFFY]
Hmm?
Oh yeah. Look.
What does it say?
Skypiea.
A map of a Sky Island?
What? No way.
There can't really be an
island in the sky, can there?
Yuh-huh!
Come on, Nami!
We gotta go there!
It's a real Sky Island!
Whoo, This is gonna be a blast!
Skypiea! Skypiea! Hey, Skypi--!
Then how do we reach it?
It's supposed to be up
in the sky, remember?
It's not like we can fly.
And this doesn't
say how to get there!
[LUFFY] You're the navigator,
figure it out!
[NAMI] Some things
can't just be "figured out"!
[CREW]
Giant monsters!
Jaya's not a bad island
for us to stay
on for the moment,
but the Log Pose
still won't budge,
which means we might
have to go to the Sky Island.
[USOPP, LUFFY]
I think we're okay right here.
This is fine!
Oh, Nami!
Just for you girls.
Here's a new takoyaki recipe!
[sighs]
I already knew you goofballs
wouldn't be in
any hurry to set sail.
Look at this.
It might come in handy.
[ROBIN] The left area is Mock
Town, which is where we are now.
But if you notice,
there's an X on
the other side of the map.
A man lives there
who's quite different.
[LUFFY]
What does that mean?
--[USOPP] So!
--[LUFFY] So big!
Look it over
one more time, you two.
[LUFFY]
Huh? It's just a board!
What's with that?!
Hello? Mind if I come in?
Huh. Nobody's home, huh?
Guess it's okay then!
[NAMI]
Oh wow.
This is an old picture book
called "Noland the Liar."
[laughs]
Yeah? That sounds
like a good title.
[NAMI]
Let's see.
"Our story began
a very long time ago,
about 400 years in the past.
"There once was a man
named Mont Blanc Noland
who lived in a country
in the North Blue.
Noland was an explorer
who was always talking
about the incredible
adventures he had.
However, the villagers
could never be sure
if the stories he told
were true or false.
One day, he reported to the king
after returning
from one of his journeys.
'While I was out at sea,
I discovered an island
with a city of gold on it!'
he exclaimed.
The King was amazed,
so he took Noland
with him on a voyage
to find out whether
the story was true.
After surviving a perilous trip,
the two of them finally arrived
on the island that
Noland had described.
But much to the King's surprise,
there was no gold to be found
there, only an ordinary jungle.
"In the end.
Noland was sentenced to death
for telling such a tall tale.
And his final words
were as follows:
'That's right!
The city of gold sank
to the bottom of the sea!'
The King and his subjects
were dumbfounded.
In that moment,
they realized that
no matter what he said,
they wouldn't be able
to believe him any longer.
How could they,
when he'd continued
to lie until his death?"
That's the end.
The point is,
if you lie, you die.
And what are you
looking at me for?
[SANJI] "Noland the Liar,"
that takes me back.
I read that story as a kid.
Wait, you know this book, Sanji?
I'm surprised.
It says that it was published
in the North Blue.
Yeah!
Believe it or not,
I was born in the North Blue.
It's a pretty famous story
where I come from.
Duuuu!
What kinda bird is that?
It's weird, huh?
Duuuu!
[LUFFY]
Hmm?
Oh!
[muffled sounds]
[NAMI, USOPP]
Hmm?
Luffy, what happened to you?
[shrieks]
Just who the hell are you?
So are you after the gold?
'Cause I'll kill ya!
Hold on!
Hey, Usopp.
Get Luffy for me.
Uh, sure!
That was close!
Sanji!
Don't worry, guys.
He's a poor shot.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[SANJI]
The bends?
[CHOPPER]
Yeah.
It's a painful sickness that
divers can get sometimes.
Sorry to trouble you all.
I thought you were
another bunch of morons
who were tryin'
to steal the gold.
What did you say?
Wait, don't get up yet!
Thanks a lot, Doctor.
You've got some skill.
Compliment me all you want,
but it's not gonna get you
anywhere, you big dummy!
So what was it you
wanted to ask me about?
Just this:
Are those two
big monkeys pets of yours?
That's your question?
Oh, yeah,
that's Masira and Shojo,
and they're my underlings.
I'd been out diving
every day in the hopes
of discovering some gold.
I hear ya!
Anyway, one day these
two big guys came along.
They told me they wanted
to help me search.
Okay, I think that's enough
of your monkey story.
That's rude!
So anyway, about the Sky Island,
can you tell us
how we can get there?
[laughs]
You mean you actually
think that place exists?
What?
So the Sky Island's a fake?
No one knows.
I only know of someone
who said it was real.
But he was famous for
lying about everything.
Old Mont Blanc Noland.
Ever read about
"Noland the Liar"?
Huh?
My name's Mont Blanc Cricket!
Which means Noland is
my grandad's grandad's...
Wait, let me think...
Uh, he's my ancestor.
Our whole family was exiled.
We're still hated to this day,
so we try to keep a low profile.
Even so,
no one in the family holds
any ill will against Noland.
[NAMI]
Why?
Because despite
what the story says,
we know that he was honest.
You remember what
his last words were
in the book, don't you?
"That's right!
The city of gold sank
to the bottom of the sea!"
In the book,
they draw him with a
stupid expression on his face,
but he actually
shed a lot of tears
and suffered a horrible death.
Noland insisted that
the ruins he discovered
had submerged because
of crustal movements.
But everyone thought
he was only making excuses
to save his own skin.
So with the villagers
looking on and laughing.
Noland was put to death.
[USOPP]
Oh, I understand now!
You're trying to clear
the Mont Blanc family name!
That's why you're looking
for the city of gold, isn't it?
[CRICKET]
No.
If it's down there,
then that's fine.
But if it's not there,
that's fine too.
I'm not doing all this
to prove Noland's innocence.
It's more like
I'm dueling against him.
Because of his actions,
my entire life was changed.
I told you before, pops,
I want to see the Sky Island!
[CRICKET chuckles]
Did I leave this part out?
The first man to see the
Sky Island was Noland the Liar.
Huh? It's a log book.
So did this belong to him?
That's right.
He talks about
the island in there.
Let's see. Uh...
Come on, read faster!
Don't rush me, Luffy!
I heard there's a vehicle
called a Waver up there.
[NAMI]
Ooh, a Waver!
[USOPP]
Whoa, let me see!
[CHOPPER]
Ahhh...
It also says
he saw some Sky Fish.
Really?
Sky Fish, huh?
I'm lookin' forward to that.
This is a great find.
And check it out.
This page says,
"The wondrous ringing
of the magnificent
giant gold bell resounded
across the whole island."
So there's a golden bell!
And look!
"Gold in the skull's right eye!"
Good to know we can trust you
to find all the
parts about gold.
There's a strange
phenomenon in these waters.
It happens a few times a month.
The sky will go completely dark,
even in the middle of the day.
Certain large clouds known
as "imperiocumulus clouds"
begin to appear high in the sky.
They block out
every ounce of sunlight
and cover everything in
impermeable darkness.
Listen, if a Sky Island
really does exist somewhere,
then that's the
only possible place!
[NAMI]
Hmm?
What do you mean?
In order to rise
above these clouds,
you'll need to ride
a Monstrous Current!
[CRICKET] A Monstrous Current
is just what it sounds like.
A strong current that shoots
straight into the air.
The theory goes
something like this.
Deep beneath the sea floor,
there are several large cavities
that low-temperature water
steadily seeps into over time.
The heat from the ground below
turns that water into steam,
and the resulting pressure
activates a colossal explosion!
[roars]
[CRICKET] This tends to occur
five times every month.
But if the Sky Island
doesn't appear
above the current
when you shoot up,
then you'll slam
back down to the surface
and end up dead at
the bottom of the sea.
[CRICKET]
We reinforced your ship.
Masira and Shojo
did excellent work.
Power, speed, weight,
the whole package.
All of the adjustments
have been made for you.
[CRICKET]
Are you ready?
Sky Island, here we come!
Woohoo!
This is so fun!
I thought we were dead there!
[USOPP]
No way,
the ship's traveling
straight up a pillar of water!
How is this even possible?
[LUFFY]
It's working!
Yeah, Merry!
You did it!
We're headed straight
for the Sky Island!
It fell.
Yup, guess so.
Looks that way.
It's gonna hit
the sea floor and die,
and the same thing'll
happen to us if we fall.
Why am I the
only one freaking out?
Spread the sails!
And hurry!
[USOPP, SANJI, CHOPPER]
What?
[NAMI]
This may be a pillar of water,
but it's still
technically the sea,
and we're still
riding on a current!
The wind blowing up
from below us
is a rising current
of air produced
by the geothermal heat
and steam explosion!
If it's wind and sea,
then I can work with it!
Who's the navigator
on this vessel?
[SANJI]
You are, Nami!
[USOPP]
We're gonna fall to our deaths!
Nami, do something!
No. We'll make it!
Awesome! The Merry is flying!
[USOPP]
What the--?
[SANJI]
You're the best, Nami!
We're doing it!
Hey, kid.
Listen up.
There's just one thing
that you need to know.
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[CRICKET] People may not
have believed Noland,
but no one has ever
disproved the existence
of the City of Gold
or the Sky Island.
So let them laugh and
say that my logic is foolish.
I couldn't care less.
That's what legends are, right?
[LUFFY]
Huh?
What's that up there?
[LUFFY]
Looks like a wall of clouds!
Too late to slow down.
We're plunging right into it!
[NAMI]
What is this?
An ocean in the sky?
[LUFFY gasps]
[NAMI]
Huh? We're on the clouds?
How can that be?
[LUFFY] That's dumb, Nami,
a boat can't sit on a cloud!
[SANJI]
That's the point!
[LUFFY]
Oh. Right.
Finally. After I've spent
six years in this temple...
[gasping]
...the Maxim has
reached its completion.
Or, that's what
I wish I could say.
It's almost done, at least.
More importantly...
He can't understand what you say
if you keep biting
your bottom lip like that.
[GEDATSU]
So careless!
[laughs]
The world of dreams
is waiting for us,
so let's lay
waste to this island.
I hope you're all ready.
[ENERU]
Hmm?
What's the matter?
Interesting.
It appears a group of seven
is preparing to
invade my country.
Only the almighty
God Eneru could know that!
He's on another level,
that's for sure!
[ENERU laughs]
Let's make quick work of them.
We'll give unto them
Heaven's Judgment!
They will bow down before God.
Oh, no!
What's that?
Kinda looks like a big lobster!
[shrieks]
[SANJI]
Where is he trying to take us?
[USOPP]
I dunno; ask him!
[LUFFY] What is this,
some kinda cloud river?
[ROBIN] I don't think
it's naturally occurring.
[ZORO] There's nothin'
natural about it!
[CHOPPER]
Look, there's some writing!
[ROBIN]
"Godland."
[NAMI]
"Skypiea"?
[LUFFY]
We made it.
It's the Sky Island!
[LUFFY]
Hmm?
I assume you're Blue Sea people?
Who are you?
And what's that mean?
I'm the one they
call the Sky Knight,
and "Blue Sea people"
is our term for those
who live beneath the clouds.
Now tell me,
did you all come up here
from the Blue Sea?
[LUFFY]
Mm-hm. We sure did.
Hey, what are
you drinkin' there?
This?
Just some pumpkin juice.
It's my favorite
beverage, actually.
Sounds pretty good!
Luffy!
We have way more important
questions for him than that!
[GAN FALL]
Hmm?
[screams]
Is that one of those
Sky Fish things?
Bet it's tasty!
It just never ends.
Now, Pierre!
[GAN FALL] I am the
Sky Knight known as Gan Fall!
And I will vanquish you!
Yahoo!
This guy's pretty tough!
Oh, no!
Now, Mouton Shoot!
[ZORO]
Tatsu Maki!
Now, Gum-Gum Gatling!
[CONIS] I'm Conis, and
this is Suu, she's a
Cloud Fox.
I'm so glad you
rescued us.
If not for you,
we'd be done for.
Thanks, heso!
[gasps]
Uh, "heso"?
Hey. What's this vehicle?
Oh, that's a Waver.
[NAMI]
Hmm?
[gasps]
So that's what they look like!
How's this thing
supposed to work?
There's no sail
to catch the wind, so...
...how exactly do you propel it?
Oh.
I take it you're not
familiar with Dials.
Not at all.
[CONIS]
They're seashells like this.
This one's kind of small,
but it's a Breath Dial.
It's designed to store up wind
and then blow it back out
to propel the Waver
across the surface.
Cool!
That's really smart!
See ya!
Welp, there she goes!
This is just like
a dream, so exciting!
Yahoo!
All right!
I love this thing!
Whatever. I can do it too!
Just watch!
Hey!
[ZORO]
Hmm?
What's goin' on out there?
He must have Devil-Fruit powers.
This sea has no bottom, though.
Wait, what?
[SANJI]
Nice work.
You almost got yourself killed.
Even up here, I gotta
worry about drowning.
I never get to have any fun.
[SATORI]
Heso.
Hello, criminals,
I've finally found you!
[USOPP]
Hmm?
What did you say?
What's wrong?
Why are we criminals?
And who are you?
Oh, You can call me Satori!
And it seems you
have entered this country
without permission!
Which is why
I have to punish you
in the name of God Eneru!
For he is a powerful
and omnipotent being
who watches over everything!
All of you will be
sacrifices unto him!
[LUFFY]
Cut the chit-chat already.
[SATORI]
Huh?
I get it.
You came here to fight.
So let's go.
You nasty criminals
must be dealt with!
Die!
Surprise Ball Attack!
Ball Dragon!
This shouldn't take too long!
Oh. You can stretch!
Gum-Gum...
...Pistol!
Collier...
I see!
An upper kick
with the right foot.
[SANJI]
...Shoot!
--Ugh!
--[SATORI] Whoopsie!
No, Sanji!
Luffy!
[coughs]
Whoa, how did he do that?
The Divine Squad uses Mantra!
What's Mantra?
What the hell just happened?
He knew exactly what
move I was about to do!
Yeah, and Luffy can't
be hit with a normal attack!
I just don't get it!
[GAN FALL]
It wasn't normal.
Huh?
He's using the Impact Dial.
It's not just a hit.
It's an impact!
[SATORI]
Precisely!
Which means that it
can destroy your body
from the inside out!
Damn you!
Huh? Whoa!
--[NAMI] Chopper!
--[CONIS] Suu!
Help, get me
off this thing!
It took them!
That's the Lobster Express!
If we don't intercept it soon,
then they'll be taken
to Upper Yard!
Upper Yard, what's that?
It's Eneru's island!
We can't let them
reach the Sacrificial Altar!
We won't.
I'm borrowing the waver!
She can't rescue
them by herself.
Got another boat?
This way!
[LUFFY]
Zoro!
[ZORO]
Hmm?
[LUFFY]
Look out for them.
I'll catch up to you later.
After I beat this jerk!
[ZORO]
Hmph.
Roger that.
No!
It would seem
Shura's headed straight
for the Sacrificial Altar!
Shura?
Is that a bad person?
Yes, indeed!
He's one of Eneru's vassals!
They call him "Sky Rider" Shura!
[SHURA]
Excellent.
We've just reached the Altar.
So look alive, you two.
You're our sacrifices.
Now surrender.
No way!
--[SHURA] I order you--
--[CHOPPER] I said no!
[SHURA]
That's enough, rat!
All you do is run?
Oh, no!
The ship's on fire!
Stop!
Don't burn the Merry!
You must be made
to see the extent
of your shortcomings.
Now offer up your
worthless life unto your God!
I refuse to!
[screams]
Let me go!
No, Suu!
Farewell.
Help me!
[GAN FALL]
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Sky Knight, you're here!
[SHURA]
Hmph.
Hello, previous God.
[GAN FALL]
Ah.
It appears he's quite
a worthy opponent.
Let's not hold
anything back, eh, Pierre?
Curse you, Gan Fall!
How dare you intrude
upon Upper Yard
and attempt to interfere
with my righteous judgment?
Be careful Sky Knight!
Nobody rebels against God Eneru!
[SATORI] There's no telling
what might pop out!
That's why they're
called Surprise Balls!
Ha-ha-ha!
Surprise Cloud Strike!
Go!
Please don't hit me!
[screams]
That's it?
Hmm. Looks like a dud.
Damn it!
Ugh! You scared me for nothing!
Take this!
Well, if you thought
that little false alarm
was frightening,
then these Gunpowder
Balls are certain
to give you a run
for your money!
Ball Dragon!
[SANJI]
Luffy, look out!
[LUFFY]
Uh-oh!
Hey!
Why are you running
straight in front of it?
Oh yeah, you're right!
What?
[gasping]
Oh! He musta been
controllin' the balls
with this piece of string!
Well, this oughta
be easy to fix, then!
Ah! I'll make you
pay for that impudence.
Get over here, you little brat!
What the--?
[screams]
[gasps]
You didn't let go of the dragon!
[screams]
[SATORI]
That was close!
What a hopeless idiot!
You're right, that
was pretty close, huh?
Definitely.
Hold on, what are
you still doing here?
Get off of me right now,
you little fool!
[SANJI]
Don't let go of him, Luffy!
He's right where we want him.
Loudmouthed fatso.
[LUFFY]
Sanji, I thought you were toast!
[SANJI] Yeah, I almost was,
because of you!
You've gotta start
payin' more attention!
I'm still alive too, by the way.
Well, in any case,
some helpless damsels
are waiting for me
to come to their rescue.
Let's wrap this up,
doughboy!
[screams]
[SATORI]
Wait, we should talk about this!
Don't--
[SANJI]
Concass!
[SATORI]
It's just not fair!
[WYPER ] And are you
certain that's what your Mantra
is trying to tell you, Aisa?
[AISA]
Yes.
[WYPER]
One voice has gone silent?
[AISA]
Yes.
I think it was Satori, sir.
And Shura's
the one who got hurt.
Understood.
Then now's our chance!
Upper Yard is in
chaos at the moment!
So this is the
perfect opportunity!
We do not fear Gods!
We vowed to the Great Calgara
to bring back
the Light of Shandora!
[SHANDORIANS]
Right!
Wyper! You want us to stop them?
Leave them be.
They can wait!
We can't let this chance go!
They kept going.
I suppose that means
we're not the
targets they're after.
You wouldn't happen to know
who they are, would you?
Yes, I do.
The Shandorians.
[CONIS]
They're a group that rebels
against God Eneru
and his Vassals.
That was too close!
I almost got involved.
Is this place
what I think it is?
Oh, no, Sky Knight!
[GAN FALL]
What is this?
I can't move!
[laughs]
Is there something
wrong, Gan Fall?
I like to call this
my String Ordeal!
You think you'll be
a match for me in mid-air?
Forget him.
If you want a fight,
then I'm right here!
An Impact Dial?
That's not enough to win.
[WYPER]
Oh, really?
This one has
ten times the energy!
Have some Reject!
[NARRATOR] The Shandorians
have long been at war
with the people
who live on the Sky Island.
In fact, it began 400 years ago.
The Great Warrior Calgara,
who was once in charge
of protecting Shandora,
the shining City of Gold,
crossed paths
with a certain man.
Calgara was a courageous fighter
who would stop at nothing
to protect the Shandorians.
He was
singlehandedly responsible
for sinking many pirate ships.
That year, the village
suffered from a poor harvest,
and a disease spread like
wildfire among its inhabitants.
The villagers feared that
an evil spirit was to blame
and decided to make
an offering to Kashigami,
a huge snake believed
to be their protective god.
So they prepared
a young girl as a sacrifice.
But, at the same time,
a visitor arrived on the island.
His name was Mont Blanc Noland.
Upon entering a forest,
he noticed the plague
that was ravaging the island.
It's he Kinetsu plague,
and he hasn't had treatment.
Doctor, do we have
any Conine left?
Please inject this man,
and the rest of us immediately!
[OLD PRIEST] In exchange
for this maiden's life,
please save our village!
[NOLAND]
The ceremony's over.
You must be scared.
But you're safe now.
There's no need to die!
[sobs]
I am an explorer
from the North Blue Sea!
Mont Blanc Nola--
[CALGARA] It doesn't make any
difference to me who you are!
Many have tried
to reach this island.
Is this how you stopped them?
Was it you?
You're in no place
to criticize me!
Now atone to the gods!
You!
Use that knife to kill yourself!
But why?
You're a sacrifice
meant to save us,
and yet you selfishly cry
because you wish to keep living!
How shameful!
No, don't be a fool!
Drop that!
Your death will not
be a sufficient payment
for the unspeakable crime
of murdering a god.
Every one of your men
must be sacrificed as well!
What is it with you?
"Lives" this.
"Killing" that!
When will your gods be happy?
These ceremonies of yours
are an insult to humanity!
Just give me some time!
This so-called curse.
I'll get rid of it for you!
And if I should fail,
then I'll leave you to do
things however you see fit!
If I succeed,
I expect you to
make a solemn vow
that you'll never
sacrifice anyone else!
[NARRATOR] And so,
to save the village from crisis,
Noland set off into the forest.
But suddenly, an anomaly
appeared in the ground.
To his surprise.
Noland became firmly
trapped in a fissure
and was unable
to get himself free.
Calgara, who believed in gods,
was convinced that this
unexpected turn of events
must have been
divine intervention.
You can't sacrifice that girl!
It's less than human!
[CALGARA]
Do you think so?
Even if the girl
you saved yesterday...
...was my own precious daughter?
Monster!
Is nothing sacred to you?
Not even your child?
You people don't
understand how much power
there is in the words
that our Pandori hear
from the all-knowing gods!
There's nothing else we can do!
I cannot expect an exception!
Yes, she's my child,
but that's no excuse!
Kashigami?
Or its child, perhaps?
[NOLAND]
You think I don't understand?
Just listen to this!
Sixty years ago,
my own land lost hundreds
of thousands of lives
to the same plague
ravaging your village!
However, in the past few years,
no one's died to this disease!
Do you know why that is?
It was because we
discovered a cure for it!
What I'm holding
in my right hand
is the bark of a Cona tree!
It has Conine, and I can
extract it to make the cure!
If I return with this,
I can save you all!
Do you have any
idea how much time
and effort has been spent,
and how many things
have changed for the better
as a direct result of
mankind's hard work?
The way you bargain
with the gods is a slap
in the face to everything
that's been accomplished!
That's why I said that
your sacrificial "ceremonies"
were an insult to humanity!
So stop them!
Are you that afraid of the gods?
[CALGARA]
Answer me this.
If you speak the truth,
what did I just kill?
[NOLAND]
A snake.
[CALGARA]
Wrong!
I just broke
our holy commandments
and slaughtered a great god!
You dare to call it
a mere snake, but it isn't!
No more than the curse
that kills my people
is a curable disease!
Will you save my village?
Are you certain that such
a thing is even possible?
Tell me.
Promise me!
I swear.
Hey.
Calgara.
Look at this.
Cha-la-la-la-la!
How shocking!
I had no idea that
snake had a grandchild.
You said snake.
[laughter]
[NARRATOR] Soon after that,
the entire village
was saved by the cure
that Noland introduced.
[gasps]
[NOLAND]
The City of Gold.
It's like I'm in a dream!
[CALGARA] This bell's
ringing has words to it.
[NOLAND]
Words?
[CALGARA]
Yes.
It is a signal to the
spirits of our ancestors
who have gone on before us
to greet the heavens.
We wish for them to be
able to find their way back
to this place at any moment.
And so, whenever
we ring this golden bell,
we're sending them
a simple message.
It says: "We are right here."
It's beautiful, isn't it?
It's called
"The Light of Shandora."
I see.
No wonder its
sound is so strong.
Do you think so?
Yes!
I heard it during
a terrible storm.
And it takes a powerful
sound to cut through that.
[NARRATOR]
Noland and his people thought
that the two groups
were on good terms.
but one day,
they found themselves
being rejected
by the Shandorians.
The reason was
that Noland and his men
had cut down several Ancestor
Trees without permission,
and these trees were
precious to the villagers.
A botanist?
Do you take me for a fool?
[NARRATOR]
But that was a misunderstanding.
Their ancestors'
spirits dwell within them.
I understand it now.
We've done an awful thing
that cannot be undone.
The villagers are right
to be angry with us.
[DOCTOR]
But, Admiral!
What else could we have done--?
[NOLAND]
There's no excuse!
I was just doing what would
serve my own selfish desires!
I was told that the
golden bell not only proclaimed
the city's existence,
but also guided their ancestors'
spirits to the island,
where they could rest
in the Ancestor Trees.
And now we've gone
and destroyed every last one.
It's unforgivable!
[SAILORS]
What?
You want us to leave
all the gold behind?
Father!
Hurry.
You can't let them set sail!
That's nonsense, you know
full well what they did!
But if we part ways now,
then we'll regret it forever!
[DOCTOR]
Listen.
I'm saying this
in honor of the Admiral,
not as an excuse.
Those woods of
yours were dead long
before they were cut down.
The Kinetsu plague may
have caused several deaths
by infecting humans directly,
but the true horror
of the disease
is that it can
infect plant life as well.
The Admiral was already
aware of that fact,
which is why he pleaded with you
without regard for his own life.
From people to forest,
forest to people.
Many small islands
like this have been
wiped off the map
in the exact same way.
I'm sorry.
[DOCTOR] But there's nothing
to worry about now.
You see.
We checked the
whole forest yesterday.
I'm sorry that we didn't
explain things before.
I know we've
caused you a lot of grief.
It's probably still unforgivable
even with an explanation,
but a botanist
would never harm a forest
without a good reason.
I should tell you.
Admiral Noland doesn't
hate gods or spirits.
[DOCTOR] He just focuses on
what's most important.
That's his way.
[CALGARA]
I'm so sorry, Noland!
Don't go yet!
[NARRATOR]
At that moment,
the bell rang out
loudly across the land,
as though it were trying to
rebuild a precious friendship
that was almost lost to an
unfortunate misunderstanding.
And the sound
was quite beautiful.
Noland!
Calgara, it's you!
Come back someday!
[CALGARA]
Noland.
I swear, I'll always
be waiting for you!
And I'll keep ringing
the Light of Shandora!
Until the day
when we meet again!
So that you don't
get lost at sea!
You'll know where
we are in the storm!
Please! Come back soon!
I'll remember you!
Forever!
[CALGARA] Until next time then,
my dearest friend!
I'll be waiting!
[NOLAND]
He wants me to come back.
Well then, I will!
I swear, friend!
We'll meet again!
I promise you!
[LUFFY]
Hey, look!
Over there!
The Going Merry!
My Nami and Robin, too!
And that other hot babe!
Looks like everybody's okay!
[CHOPPER]
Hey!
[NAMI] According to
Noland's picture book,
whenever he made it back
to visit Jaya years later,
the golden ruins
were nowhere to be found.
And now we know what happened.
Before you guys came back, Zoro,
Robin, and I went to check.
Look at this!
[ROBIN]
Is that?
[NAMI]
It's part of the City of Gold
that once existed on the ground!
The one that Noland saw!
It didn't submerge
into the ocean!
For 400 years.
This part of Jaya
has been up in the sky!
This is the other half of
the island that was ripped up!
It was a part of Jaya!
That's how Jaya
looked four centuries ago!
[USOPP]
Oh, wow!
It's shaped like a skull!
Get it?
[SANJI]
Amazing!
In Noland's report,
he was referring to
the shape of the whole island.
But now only half of
its mass is still intact!
So nobody ever
solved the mystery!
[ZORO]
That makes sense.
[USOPP] So when he said,
"the skull's right eye."
[NAMI]
He meant this!
"I saw gold in
the skull's right eye."
[LUFFY]
Treasure!
[NAMI]
We did it!
[laughter]
[SANJI]
Way to go, Nami!
[CREW laughs, cheers]
[ENERU]
A lovely morning.
I no longer have to hear
the voices of that
lower-world trash.
It's so peaceful.
And you two.
I know you're just killing time
here, but you're too careless.
Like Satori--and Shura,
If you don't shape up,
then I won't take you
to the Endless Vearth,
and you don't want that!
You mean it's complete?
[laughs]
Now then, let's play
the game, shall we?
[NAMI]
Look at the map, you guys.
Here's where we are.
The search team
will go this way.
There should be some ruins
in the right eye there.
So let's grab some treasure
and try not to run into
any trouble, okay?
[ZORO]
You make it sound easy.
All right!
It's time to get goin'!
[CHOPPER]
Yeah!
[LUFFY]
You're in a good mood, Chopper!
[CHOPPER] That's because
I thought this forest
would be really scary,
but it turns out it's
not that bad, after all!
[giggles]
[shrieks]
[LUFFY]
Run away, it's a giant snake!
That thing's enormous!
How does it move so fast?
Poison?
[ZORO] Yeah, I think that's
our cue to get outta here.
I firmly agree.
[GAN FALL]
No one knows for sure,
but it is widely
said that Upper Yard
first appeared in Skypiea
some 400 years ago.
And before that happened,
Skypiea was always
a peaceful place.
Items from the Blue Sea
would sporadically
arrive here via
the Monsterous Current,
and many of them were very
valuable to the Skypieans.
I'm sorry, but who?
That's the name
for those of us
who reside here in Skypiea.
I see.
That was the way
that all of the terrain
making up the Sky Islands came
to rest up here in the sky.
However, a piece of land
as large as Upper Yard
was something of an
unprecedented miracle.
As you know,
neither greenery nor soil
is naturally found in the sky.
That is why we refer
to the land as "Vearth,"
a word that carries a
sense of awe and admiration.
Of course.
As for the ones who were shot up
into the sky along
with the Vearth,
they became known
as Shandorians,
an indigenous people who now
make their home on Upper Yard.
So the guerrilla group
you're talking about.
You're saying that they used
to live in the world below,
back on Jaya?
And for some reason,
you guys kicked
them off the island?
Correct.
The Skypieans
captured their territory
out of nothing but pure greed.
And now, the Shandorians
are simply trying
to take back their homeland.
[AISA]
Wyper!
Are you trying to die?
How could you
use the Reject Dial?
If you use it one more time,
your body'll blow up!
Answer me!
[WYPER] I am the Great Warrior
Calgara's descendant!
I have to reclaim the Vearth
and bring back
the Light of Shandora!
How can you do that?
Don't be stupid.
It doesn't exist!
It's just a myth!
I know the truth!
You've turned
Upper Yard upside-down
trying to locate that gold bell!
But it's not real,
and we both know it!
That's enough!
[WYPER]
Today's the day.
Eneru's head will roll!
[NAMI] So, what can you
tell us about this God Eneru?
[GAN FALL] Until six years ago,
I held the title of God.
What'd you do, get fired?
[GAN FALL]
Well, you see, one day,
that monstrous Eneru
suddenly showed up here
unannounced from
some unknown Sky Island.
And he took control
of Upper Yard.
He and his men brutally
defeated my warriors,
causing them to be forced
into hard labor somewhere.
[ENERU] But that's all
in the past, isn't it?
[GAN FALL]
Eneru!
[laughs]
It's been a while, Gan Fall.
Excuse my manners.
I mean, former God.
You son of a--
[ENERU] You ladies stay quiet,
and I won't hurt you.
Got it?
[NAMI]
Mm-hm. Mm-hm.
[GAN FALL]
Damn you!
What are you trying to do?
Return my subordinates at once!
But they've worked
very hard for me.
In fact, thanks
to their efforts,
I don't have any use
for this old island anymore.
[ENERU]
Hmm?
Ah!
That's right,
I wanted to play a game!
[GAN FALL]
Hmm...
How dare you.
It's a survival game,
and the winners are
the ones who don't die!
The participants will be
50 fighters from my side,
versus 20 Shandorians,
the four Blue Sea people
who entered the forest,
and this little one here.
Wait, me too?
[ENERU] You're obviously
too old and feeble.
That makes 75 in total!
But how many
will last three hours?
Well, finding out
is the fun of the game!
Do you care to make a guess?
I say five!
[laughs]
[GAN FALL]
Get back here, Eneru!
Oh no.
Yeah, I wish Chopper were here.
I've got to catch him.
Please excuse me!
[NAMI]
Hey!
You're just gonna leave us here?
So rude!
[NARRATOR]
And with that,
the deadly survival
game between the
Straw Hats,
Eneru's Heavenly
Warriors, and the
Shandorians,
began in full
force on Upper
Yard.
[ENERU]
1 Million Volt Vari!
Too bad for you.
Interesting.
I can hear 20 fewer voices
now than I could not long ago.
[CHOPPER]
Cloven...
...Cross!
[gasps]
[ROBIN]
What's below here?
This is it.
I've found the City of Gold!
[screams]
The heck was that?
It's time for Burn...
Gum-Gum...
--...Bazooka!
[LUFFY screams]
[swallows]
For some reason,
I feel like I know this place.
Ah, no, I don't.
[ZORO]
Yeah, I do.
[scoffs]
[ZORO]
You laughin' at me?
[squawks]
Hey! Come back here!
Damn bird!
Put me down!
Argh!
[CHOPPER]
Ruins up here, too?
This place is crazy!
And why is the ground
all weird and crooked?
[CHOPPER]
Huh?
[ENERU]
What are you looking for there?
If it's the gold you're
after, it's long gone.
[ROBIN]
Explains why I can't find any.
I assume it was you who took it?
I do like gold.
It's a brilliant
and valuable metal,
so I find that it suits me
quite appropriately.
I see.
Then you probably took
the golden bell that was here.
Golden bell, you say?
Duuuoo!
Let me go!
Or I'll pluck all
your feathers out!
Hey!
[ZORO screams]
[ZORO groans]
That hurt.
Gah, that bird-brain's
gonna pay!
Huh?!
Chopper!
[OHM]
Shame, isn't it?
I suppose you want
to get revenge now.
[ZORO]
No.
I don't like fighting over
things that are already done.
But for you,
I'll think I'll
make an exception.
The Dial Boat in the
back seems worn out.
I'm gonna go check it.
Right, good idea.
[NAMI]
Hmm?
Huh?
Nami?
[NAMI screams]
No!
Go away!
[laughs]
Right, the golden bell!
So you read the letters.
What did you learn?
[ROBIN]
Well, unfortunately,
if you didn't see it anywhere
when you first arrived.
That must mean it
never got to the sky.
Actually, yes, it did.
I'm positive that bell's
somewhere up here.
Huh?
The story goes,
when this island was propelled
into the sky 400 years ago,
a bell could be heard.
It makes sense now!
The bell they heard ring
must've been made out of gold!
[laughs]
That's just wonderful!
[OHM] I've already
taken aim at your heart.
Blue Sea swordsman,
pray unto your God.
[ZORO]
Idiot.
What makes you think
I'm gonna pray to him?
First up is 36-pound.
Second, 72-pound.
Third, 108-pound.
Three-Sword Style!
108-Pound Phoenix!
[OHM]
What?
He managed to
repel the Iron Clouds?
[screams]
That Blue Sea girl.
What is she doing?
What?
[ENERU]
Sango!
[NAMI screams]
Oh, the weird knight guy again!
Dammit!
[ROBIN]
What the--?
[ENERU laughs]
I thought I'd invite
your friends over
to join in the fun!
This debris.
Where did it all come from?
[ROBIN]
Swordsman!
You fell in the midst
of all that rubble?
That big snake's acting funny.
It's almost like it's
searching for something.
Hey, look at this!
Please, stay with me, Pierre!
Whoa!
What's wrong with that bird?
He must've hit his head too hard
when he made impact.
Could it be... possible?
Is this place
really our homeland?
[gasps]
Hold on.
The bell!
[ENERU]
It isn't here.
[gasps]
Eneru!
Missed me!
Ball Cloud!
[laughs]
Wait a bit more.
[WYPER]
Huh?
[ENERU] My little game
isn't finished just yet.
[WYPER]
What game?
Well, I started a
game of survival,
and we're almost
at the three-hour mark.
My guess was that there
would be five left standing,
including myself, of course.
[NAMI]
Five people besides me.
Good, he hasn't
noticed I'm here!
[ENERU]
In three minutes,
the three hour time
limit I set will be up.
So obviously that means
we need to do something
about the fact that we still
have six people in play.
[NAMI]
Crap, he does know!
I refuse to allow a
God's prophesy to be false.
Let's see.
Which player should be
the one disappear?
[ALL FOUR]
I think it should be you!
A foolish choice.
This snake is such a nuisance.
[ENERU]
El Thor!
A Devil Fruit, huh?
Maybe.
If you ask me,
I'd guess the
Rumble-Rumble Fruit.
That one has
lightning-based abilities
that are rumored
to be invincible!
Eneru!
I've just witnessed
your handiwork
at the sacred temple above.
A tragedy.
It was utterly destroyed!
Why exactly are you
doing all of this?
Because there's somewhere
I need to return to soon.
There's a place for land,
a place for humans,
and a place for God!
Everything belongs somewhere!
[GAN FALL]
No.
Don't tell me, you're--
That's right!
Humans have no place in the sky,
so I'm sending
them all to the ground!
Then everything
will return to nothing!
[gasping]
What?
[GAN FALL]
You murderer!
It's only natural.
Don't be so conceited!
This is a world of humans!
You're no better!
20 Million Volt Vari.
[ENERU] Good. Time's up
and we're down to five.
Just as I foretold.
[laughs]
I'm glad that you all survived!
Now it's finally time for me
to set off toward
the Endless Vearth,
and you lucky five
are coming with me!
[ROBIN]
And what if we refuse?
What?
Yeah, none of us have agreed
to go anywhere with you.
You're in our way.
We just want you gone!
[ENERU]
Well, that's a shame.
I guess you'll
just have to die here.
[NAMI]
Robin!
[ZORO]
She's a woman!
Yes, I can see that.
[gasps]
I'm sure you don't fathom
the difference in our strength,
so please allow me
to demonstrate for you.
[ZORO grunts]
Now, Burn Bazooka!
Kari!
[laughs]
What was that?
He just erased my bazooka's
fire like it was nothing!
You don't get it, do you?
This insignificant
amount of energy
that would obliterate you
doesn't even put the
slightest scratch on me.
Have a 30 Million Volt Hino!
[screams]
And, Kiten!
Impossible.
Even Zoro?
[ENERU]
Follow me.
I'll show you
something interesting.
[gasps]
[ENERU]
The Ark Maxim!
A magnificent vessel
that will take us straight
to the Endless Vearth!
[laughs]
Oh no.
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[laughs]
[knock, knock]
[LUFFY screams]
[laughs]
I'm free!
Oooh?!
Awesome!
What is this place?
[LUFFY]
Ruins?
Come to think of it.
That gold bell must be here!
Zoro!
What's wrong,
why are you all beat up?
I said to protect 'em!
How'd this happen with you here?
[ROBIN]
Luffy.
Robin!
That awful man
took the navigator.
Huh?
[ENERU]
Hmm?
That voice.
As I thought, it's not
one of the five survivors.
[NAMI]
Huh?
How truly upsetting.
An additional survivor has
rendered my prophesy incorrect.
[LUFFY]
Hey!
Is your name Eneru?
Luffy!
What did you do to my crew?
You're gonna regret it.
You're addressing a God,
so show some respect.
[LUFFY]
What's so special about you?
'Cause from where I'm standin',
you're just a jerk!
You'll find out soon.
That's your power?
This won't take long.
Luffy!
El Thor!
[screams]
Is he?
You dodged that
one fairly well.
60 Million Volt Julungul!
Luffy, no!
[LUFFY]
Huh?
100 Million Volt Vari!
[NAMI]
Lightning's not hurting him.
Is that because...
[LUFFY]
Back off!
[NAMI
...he's rubber?
[shocked yell]
[NAMI] If that's true,
then it looks like Luffy
is the only one in the world
who's a match for this guy!
Thank goodness!
There's no way you're human.
Are you?
My name's Luffy.
I'm a pirate made of rubber!
Rubber?
So your lightning can't hurt me!
Mantra.
Gum-Gu--
Nice try, pal.
Gum-Gum Gatling!
Luffy!
[ENERU] It's unfortunate
that lightning doesn't work,
but I can adjust accordingly.
How about Max
200 Million Volt Vari?
Don't tell me.
I have little
interest in playing around
with the likes of you.
For I am a mighty God!
And I will create
the new world as I see fit!
[laughs]
[NAMI]
Whoa, what is that?
[ENERU laughs]
It's a thundercloud.
[SKY PERSON A] Hey, there's
something floating in the sky!
[CONIS] Everyone, we need
to leave, immediately!
Eneru, he's planning
to obliterate this island!
No way!
That can't be!
Don't be absurd!
[GAN FALL]
No, she's right!
We're all in grave danger.
Hurry!
Leave, while you still can!
[ROBIN]
Such dark clouds.
What in the world
is that man up to?
Luffy and Miss Navigator,
be careful.
[NAMI]
That can't be good.
The thunderclouds are
turning completely spherical!
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[laughs]
Oh, you haven't
seen anything yet.
Behold the true power
of the God Eneru!
[RANDOM SKY PERSON]
The sky's falling!
Rain down, Raigo!
[ENERU laughs]
Watch as the Sky Island
hurtles downward into despair!
Even I couldn't change
its course anymore.
I'll make you!
All right, Gloam Paddling!
[LUFFY]
Agh!
This is bad!
No, he's gonna die!
[LUFFY]
Dammit!
Just fight me, you coward!
[ENERU laughs]
His lightning resistance
doesn't quite make up
for him being a simpleton.
[NAMI]
That's it.
[ENERU]
Hmm?
If all that's left
is going with you
and abandoning
my friends, then forget it!
I'm finished!
So you'd rather die, then?
Either that, or you're
planning to place your hopes
in the two rodents that have
just sneaked aboard the ship.
[NAMI]
What?
[ENERU] It seems they're
serious about rescuing you.
What an utterly ridiculous idea.
[OLD CHIEF]
Do you remember the name
of the Great Warrior
Calgara's close friend?
Yeah, it was Mont Blanc Noland.
That's right.
The day he set sail.
Calgara promised that he would
never stop ringing
the bell for his friend.
[WYPER]
You mean the Light of Shandora?
[OLD CHIEF]
Yes.
However, the tolling of the bell
never reached Noland's ears.
[OLD KING]
It's settled.
Mariejois will let us
enter the Grand Line.
As such, I must send
you on another mission.
Right. I'd be honored.
[OLD KING] That said, not only
have I decided that my soldiers
will accompany you
on this assignment,
but I will be
joining you as well.
Understood?
Yes, sir!
[SETO]
Calgara!
[CALGARA]
Seto.
[SETO]
Are you off to ring the bell?
I'll help.
[NOLA]
Cha-la-la-la!
Hey, how's it going, Nola,
you've really made yourself
comfortable in these old ruins,
haven't you, little friend?
So, when do you suppose
Noland and
the others'll come and visit?
That's the only thing
you ever ask me
about when you come
to ring the bell.
It won't be easy
for him to return.
He was born in
the far northern seas,
you know, and
he does have a family.
But he swore.
As long as we keep
on ringing this bell,
one day, he'll hear the sound
and follow it back to our--
Duoooo!
That looks like danger.
We should go!
Seto, we have
to guard the village!
[NOLAND]
What?
This shouldn't be where
the island drops off!
You're a fool!
How dare you deceive
me in this manner?
You told me there
would be gold here,
so where in the hell is it?
[NOLAND]
Where did the village go?
What happened to this island?
Calgara!
If you're alive,
I'm begging you,
please let me hear
the sound of that bell!
Answer me.
Light of Shandora!
[CIVILIAN A] It's time
for Noland's execution!
Hey!
This way, hurry!
[NOLAND] Six years ago on
Jaya Island in the Grand Line.
I discovered
a city made of gold!
I swear to all
of you, it is real!
Well, then let's hear it
from one of your
faithful crewmen.
You there!
Is this man telling
the truth or not?
Course not.
It's a bold-faced lie.
What?
You can't be serious.
Are you saying Noland's a liar?
[CIVILIAN E] So, all the
stories he told us were fake?
That's despicable!
He lied to the whole kingdom,
so he could look like a hero!
I don't know
who that witness is,
but he's not a part of our crew!
Did you see Calgara
and all his people?
[SAILOR C] Please tell us
what happened, sir!
Silence those men!
I'm sorry, my crew.
As atonement
for his heinous lies,
I sentence Mont Blanc Noland the
Explorer to death by beheading!
Liar!
No!
The Admiral would never lie!
Don't kill him!
[CROWD]
Liar! Liar! Liar! Liar!
[NARRATOR] At that moment,
the bell rang out.
[bell toll]
[NARRATOR] Its melodious tone
sounded like a song of praise
for that miraculous land.
Look, my lord!
It's an enormous Vearth!
[GOD]
Yes.
And do you hear that?
The singing voice
of this beautiful Vearth
is truly the birth
of a holy land.
And so.
I know that I must live there!
[CALGARA]
What just happened?
Why is it suddenly
so difficult to breathe?
[SHANDORIAN F]
Is everybody all right?
[SHANDORIAN G]
Don't die!
[SHANDORIAN H] We should
help the wounded, quickly!
[SHANDORIAN I]
Calgara!
Intruders!
I hereby claim
this Vearth as mine!
For I am a God!
[CALGARA]
That's no God!
Cut them off!
Now!
[SHANDORIANS]
Sir!
Come what may,
we won't let
them take this land!
[CALGARA] You and I made
a promise, Noland.
We swore that we would
be reunited someday.
[NOLAND]
Calgara.
Where are you, my friend?
[CALGARA]
What are you going to think
when you return to Jaya
only to discover that
we've disappeared?
Please wait a little longer,
and I'll be here to convey
that message to you.
"We are right here!"
[NOLAND]
Are you still alive?
[CALGARA] There's a great
deal I need to tell you!
[NOLAND]
Calgara.
I'm just worried
about your safety.
[CALGARA]
No matter what, Noland,
we must promise
that we'll meet again!
Bring back the
Light of Shandora!
The Light of Shandora.
It's up to me!
[LUFFY]
Robin!
[ROBIN]
Luffy?
[ROBIN] What's that
gold thing you've got?
You'll see!
That old bell is supposed
to be waitin' at the top
of this vine, right?
[WYPER]
What?
And that Eneru guy
is tryin' to get to it first?
Exactly!
[LUFFY]
Gotcha!
Wait.
So you're telling me the bell
is up there somewhere?
You're after it, too?
If it's real, it must be there.
However, Eneru
is hot on its trail.
I need my Shooter
and my bazooka!
Oh, dear.
They were smashed up,
so I left them.
I'm sorry.
You what?
That's right.
When we transported you,
I noticed that you were injured.
[NAMI]
Thunder Ball!
[laughs]
You really are good for a
laugh, I'll give you that.
[pants]
Okay, it worked.
But still.
That little defensive technique
won't do you very much good
after I crank up the voltage.
I'm far too busy for this.
Begone.
Here, Special Attack.
Exploding Star!
Uh-oh.
Can I start over?
[NAMI]
Usopp!
[ENERU]
Oh, you again.
Care to join us?
[NAMI]
You made it!
Nami!
[NAMI]
What's up?
Save me, please.
Really?
A Waver!
We'll jump off!
From this height?
You're crazy!
We'll just try to land
on the Island Clouds!
Sounds good!
Here, take my hand!
Let him go!
Now, jump.
But, Sanji!
El... Thor!
So they jumped off.
But they haven't
escaped me in the slightest.
[SANJI]
Hey.
God guy.
[ENERU]
Hmm?
[SANJI] There's something
I wanted to say to you.
But before I do,
let me express my gratitude.
For the light.
That was nice.
Thanks.
Okay then.
What else?
[SANJI] Oh. I was
gonna say, "Drop dead."
You're kidding.
What happened?
What were you
doing inside the ship?
Damn you Blue Sea dwellers!
[USOPP]
Okay.
Nami fell on some Island Clouds.
Usopp Hopping!
Long-nose, it's you!
[USOPP]
Yup.
[NAMI]
Found you!
[ROBIN]
You're all right!
[NAMI]
Luffy really went up there?
[ROBIN]
Yes.
Okay then.
I'll go chase after
him on the Waver!
We have to get off of
this island and quickly!
It'll take more than that
to bring this ship down.
Now, then.
I'm right above Giant Jack.
I highly doubt that
anyone would ever come
looking for
something in the skies
above the temple, after all.
Where is that bell?
It has to be nearby.
[laughs]
Brilliant!
It's the great bell tower,
pride of the legendary
City of Gold, Shandora!
My, what an incredible sight!
I'll take this with me
and make my glorious ascent
to the Endless Vearth
at long last!
Whew.
Huh?
Luffy!
[LUFFY]
Hey, Nami!
I didn't know you
were up here, too!
Great, it's bigger this time!
Man, that guy sucks!
Luffy, we need to go!
Hop on the Waver!
[LUFFY]
I can't.
What do you mean, you can't?
I may not have to
rescue you anymore,
but I've still got
unfinished business here!
Just quit it already!
If we don't--
You saw it yourself, Nami!
I saw what?
The City of Gold,
it actually exists!
He's ringing the bell?
That's right.
But the Shandorians are the ones
who inherited Calgara's wishes,
so it has to be one of us!
What does any of this have
to do with Straw Hat?
The old story
says that 400 years ago,
an explorer lied about
a city made of gold.
Although most people
simply laughed at him,
his descendants believed
his words and have continued
to search for that legendary
place to this very day.
[gasps]
Luffy believes it too.
It wasn't just a story!
Noland wasn't
telling lies at all!
I have to make sure the old man
and everyone
else knows the truth!
That there was a
City of Gold in the sky!
Oh, Luffy.
I'm not about to let Eneru win!
It's a big bell.
I'm sure you can
hear it from anywhere.
I'm ringin' it,
and no one's gonna stop me!
[USOPP]
Huh? Look out!
Something's falling
from the sky!
Take cover!
What the hell?
[ROBIN] "Cut down this vine,
so it falls towards the west."
[USOPP]
From Nami?
[WYPER]
Reject Dial!
[NAMI]
Get ready to jump!
[LUFFY]
'Kay!
It's all over, Eneru!
That bell's comin' with me!
[ENERU]
Pitiful fools.
You've expended the
last ounce of my patience.
Raigo!
Disappear with the island!
Nami.
Thanks a lot.
You were a real big help!
Huh?
Now, Gum-Gum Fireworks!
[LUFFY]
Golden Peony!
What's with this erratic
electric discharge?
I see!
It's because of his hand!
The gold!
It's a conductor!
[roars]
Now for some sunlight!
We're all counting
on you, Straw Hat!
Ring the Light of Shandora!
Here I come!
This is gonna hurt a little bit!
Boorish brat!
How dare you defy me?
200 Million Volt Amaru!
Now, Gum-Gum Golden Rifle!
Ring the bell!
[LUFFY]
[CALGARA]
What are you going to think
when you return to Jaya
only to discover
that we've disappeared?
Please wait a little longer,
and I'll be able to convey
that message to you.
"We are right here!"
Bring back the
Light of Shandora!
[NOLAND] Six years ago, on
Jaya Island in the Grand Line.
I discovered a
city made of gold!
I swear to all
of you it is real!
[LUFFY]
Ring the bell!
[CRICKET] People may not
have believed Noland,
but no one has ever
disproved the existence
of the City of Gold
or the Sky Island.
That's what legends are, right?
Ring the bell!
Mont Blanc Noland.
I'm sorry it took so long.
But today the bell tolls
for all your descendants.
Hey, mister!
And your monkey friends!
You hear that?
The City of Gold is real!
Now that's a legend.
I knew that old Noland
wasn't a liar.
You rang that big bell just
for me, didn't you, kid?
[LUFFY]
I knew it.
The City of Gold
existed all along!
[chuckles]
Thanks a lot.
[NARRATOR]
The triumphant chiming
of the "Light of Shandora"
testified to the glory
of the vanished city
it was built to represent,
and it cheerfully declared
the end of the fighting
with a love song.
The "Song of the Island."
After 400 years of silence,
the golden bell's message
resonated strong and true.
"We are right here."
[LUFFY]
It rang.
I have to wonder,
though, did they hear it?
[NAMI]
Yeah.
They did.